README.md, before:

hop_runner.dart
===============
Hop_runner.dart is a CLI runtime for distributable reusable tasks for [Dart](https://www.dartlang.org) based on [Hop](https://github.com/dart-lang/hop).

# Usage

## Basic Usage
Call a pub package designed to run from the [hop_runner](https://github.com/toolr/hop_runner.dart) commandline.
```bash
$ hop [<hop-options>] <pub-package-task-library> [<args>]
```

## Chained Usage
You can also pipe task calls.
```bash
$ hop <pub-task1> | <pub-task2> | <pub-task3> | ... | <pub-taskn>
```

# Install
Simply copy and paste this into your terminal.
```bash
$ ...[to be determined]
```

# Example Pub Tasks
## Dart Version Task
Determines whether your installed version is up-to-date with sdk version.
```bash
$ hop version [--channel [dev | stable]]
```

## Update Dart
Update dart sdk.
```bash
$ hop update [--channel [dev | stable]]
```

## Schedule Task
Schedule a pub task.
```bash
$ hop sched --every <n>[m|h|d] | <pub-task>
```

## Spawn Template
Spawn a project based on given template.
```bash
$ hop web-app-startr --name foo
```

# Create A Pub Task

## Create From Scratch
See wiki for how to create a pub task from scratch.

## Spawn Pub Task Template
Span a pub task from a template
```bash
$ hop pub-task-startr --name <pub-task-name>
```

Commit message:

Added Autocompletion section and task-lib def.

README.md, after:

hop_runner.dart
===============
Hop_runner.dart is a CLI runtime for distributable reusable tasks for [Dart](https://www.dartlang.org) based on [Hop](https://github.com/dart-lang/hop).

# Usage

## Basic Usage
Call a pub package designed to run from the [hop_runner](https://github.com/toolr/hop_runner.dart) commandline.
```bash
$ hop [<hop-options>] <task-library> [<args>]
```

<task-library> can be a pub repository, git repository or local path.

## Chained Usage
You can also pipe task calls.
```bash
$ hop <task-lib1> | <task-lib2> | <task-lib3> | ... | <task-libn>
```

## Autocompletion
Hop_runner.dart supports autocompletion.  

# Install
Simply copy and paste this into your terminal.
```bash
$ ...[to be determined]
```

# Example Pub Tasks
## Dart Version Task
Determines whether your installed version is up-to-date with sdk version.
```bash
$ hop version [--channel [dev | stable]]
```

## Update Dart
Update dart sdk.
```bash
$ hop update [--channel [dev | stable]]
```

## Schedule Task
Schedule a pub task.
```bash
$ hop sched --every <n>[m|h|d] | <pub-task>
```

## Spawn Template
Spawn a project based on given template.
```bash
$ hop web-app-startr --name foo
```

# Create A Pub Task

## Create From Scratch
See wiki for how to create a pub task from scratch.

## Spawn Pub Task Template
Span a pub task from a template
```bash
$ hop pub-task-startr --name <pub-task-name>
```
